[Applause]
other travel we've got motorcycles on
our ass I need a new vehicle ASAP this
is an overwatch operation
our team is engaged in a higher form of
patriotism it's not a military operation
the goal is to complete the mission at
any cost
we'd be a week on a beach you're never
gonna do something normal until you die
that's what this job is I'm not you
you're pretty close besides this is my
Beach
feel the sand between my toes sir
you ever walk in Boise that's my asset
local Special Forces sent him to medical
to see if he's we says he is what is
your name Lena are you involved in acts
of espionage yes I have information that
proofs my government is planning an
attack on the United States you have no
idea how evil my government is
lutely under bender do us not give you
everything take a drive up against this
country's elite tactical squads he's
back correct
no one ever enters a war thick and they
will lose but one side is always wrong
I'll give you some advice you ready stop
they miss that plane we have failed they
miss that plane they are dead
[Music]
failure is not an option
would get him out who save millions of
lives
requesting hand of God coming down
[Music]